fix(docs): content review (#1998)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/configure-netbox-managed-postgresql-database/index.mdx

 
<Message type="requirement">
  - You have an account and are logged into the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com)
  - You have [configured your SSH key](/console/my-project/how-to/create-ssh-key)

>   - You have a [Instance](https://www.scaleway.com/en/virtual-instances/) running Ubuntu Focal Fossa (20.04 LTS) or later

Author: ```suggestion
  - You have an [Instance](/compute/instances/quickstart/#how-to-create-an-instance) running Ubuntu Focal Fossa (20.04 LTS) or later
```

>   - You have a [Database for PostgreSQL](https://www.scaleway.com/en/database/)

Reviewer: Shouldn't these be links to the doc ?

>   - You have a [Database for PostgreSQL](https://www.scaleway.com/en/database/)

Author: ```suggestion
  - You have a [Database for PostgreSQL](/managed-databases/postgresql-and-mysql/quickstart/)
```
